www.2m.tv;2 M Monde
www.3channel.it;3 Channel
www.abchannel.it;AB Channel
www.adtv.ae;Abu Dhabi
www.administra.it;Administra.it
www.alfayhaa.tv;AL FAYHAA
www.alice.tv;Alice
english.aljazeera.net;Al Jazeera Intl.
www.reteallmusic.it;All Music
animalplanet.skytv.it;Animal Planet
www.daserste.de;ARD "Das Erste"
www.arte.tv;ARTE
www.axn.it;AXN
babymix.skytv.it;Baby Mix
www.bbcarabic.com;BBC Arabic
www.bbcprime.com;BBC Prime
news.bbc.co.uk;BBC World News
www.bergamotv.it;Bergamo Sat
www.bettingchannel.it;Betting Channel
www.bloomberg.it;Bloomberg
www.blutv.net;Blu TV
boomerang.cartoonnetwork.it;Boomerang
boomerangpiu1.skytv.it;Boomerang +1
bside.skytv.it;B-Side
cacciaepesca.skytv.it;Caccia e Pesca
www.calabriachanneltv.it;Calabria Channel
www.camera.it;Camera dei Deputati
www.canale5.com;Canale 5
www.canaleitalia.it;Canale Italia
capital70.skytv.it;Capital '70
www.carpediemsat.eu;Carpe Diem
piu1.cartoonnetwork.it;Cartoon +1
www.cartoonnetwork.it;Cartoon Network
cctv4.cctv.com;CCTV-4
english.cctv.com;CCTV 9
www.challenger.it;Challenger TV
www.classcnbc.it;Class CNBC
classica.skytv.it;Classica
www.cnbceurope.com;CNBC
edition.cnn.com;CNN Intl.
paramountcomedy.skytv.it;Comedy Central
www.comingsoon.it;Coming Soon TV
www.conto.tv;ContoTV
1.conto.tv;Conto TV 1
2.conto.tv;Conto TV 2
3.conto.tv;Conto TV 3
www.cooltoon.tv;Cooltoon
cultcni.skytv.it;Cult
current.it;Current
deakids.skytv.it;DeAKids
deakidspiu1.skytv.it;DeAKids +1
www.deejay.it;Deejay TV
www.denarotv.it;Denaro TV
disckjoker.skytv.it;Disc Joker
www.discovery-italia.com;Discovery
discoverypiu1.skytv.it;Discovery +1
rt.discovery-italia.com;Discovery Real Time
science.discovery-italia.com;Discovery Sci
travel.discovery-italia.com;Discovery Travel
piu1.disneychannel.it;Disney Ch. +1
www.disneychannel.it;Disney Channel
disneyinenglish.skytv.it;Disney in English
eentertaiment.skytv.it;E!
www.ecotv.it;Eco TV
www.eliteshopping.tv;Elite Shopping
espnamerica.skytv.it;ESPN America
www.espnclassicsport.com;ESPN Classic
www.euronews.net;Euronews
www.eurosport.com;Eurosport
eurosport2.skytv.it;Eurosport 2
hd.eurosport.com;Eurosport HD
eurosportnews.skytv.it;EurosportNews
www.ewtn.com;EWTN
extrabeat.skytv.it;Extrabeat
fantasy.skytv.it;Fantasy
www.ftv.com;Fashion TV
men.ftv.com;F Men
fox.skytv.it;Fox
foxpiuuno.skylife.it;Fox +1
foxcrime.skytv.it;Fox Crime
foxcrimepiu1.skytv.it;Fox Crime +1
foxlifepiuuno.skylife.it;Fox Life +1
www.foxnews.com;Fox News
www.france24.com;France 24
arabic.france24.com;France 24 (in Arabic)
english.france24.com;France 24 (in English)
www.fuegotv.it;Fuego TV
foxfx.skytv.it;FX
www.geniustv.it;Genius Tv
gxt.skytv.it;GXT
gxtpiuuno.skytv.it;GXT +1
www.hallmarkchannel.com;Hallmark
www.hbtv.it;Health&Beauty TV
heartnsong.skytv.it;Heart n' song
hiphoptv.skytv.it;Hip Hop TV
www.thehistorychannel.co.uk;History
piu1.thehistorychannel.co.uk;History +1
hititalia.skytv.it;Hit Italia
www.ini.tv;Inspiration
interchannel.inter.it;Inter Channel
www.italia1.com;Italia 1
www.italiachannel.org;Italia Channel
italianvintage.skytv.it;ItalianVintage
jazzefusion.skylife.it;Jazz & Fusion
jazzgold.skytv.it;Jazz Gold
jetix.skytv.it;Jetix
jetix1.skytv.it;Jetix +1
jimjam.skytv.it;JimJam
www.canaljimmy.it;Jimmy
juventuschannel.skytv.it;Juventus Channel
www.la7.it;La7
www.la8.it;La 8
www.la9.it;LA 9
www.ladychannel.it;Lady Channel
lei.skytv.it;LEI
www.leonardo.tv;Leonardo
www.sololive.it;Live!
livetime.capital.it;Livetime
www.luxe.tv;Luxe TV
www.marcopolo.tv;Marcopolo
www.maretv.it;Mare TV
www.matchmusic.it;Matchmusic
www.mbc.net;MBC Maghreb
www.medi1sat.ma;Medi 1 Sat
mediasetplus.skytv.it;Mediaset Plus
www.mediashopping.it;MediaShopping
www.mediatelpoint.it;Mediatel
www.mediolanumchannel.com;Mediolanum Ch.
www.mediterraneosat.it;Mediterraneo Sat
www.milanchannel.it;Milan Channel
www.motori.tv;Motori TV
www.moto.tv;MotoTV
www.mtv.it;MTV
brandnew.mtv.it;MTV Brand New
mtvgold.skylife.it;MTV Gold
hits.mtv.it;MTV Hits
mtvpulse.skylife.it;MTV Pulse
musicbox.skytv.it;Music Box
www.napolimiatv.it;Napoli Mia
natgeoadventure.skytv.it;NatGeoAdventur
nategomusic.skylife.it;NatGeo Music
natgeowild.skylife.it;NatGeo Wild
www.ngcitalia.it;NationalGeo
piu1.ngcitalia.it;NationalGeo +1
nationalgeohd.skytv.it;NationalGeo HD
newrock.skytv.it;New Rock
nexthd.skytv.it;Next HD
nickelodeon.skytv.it;Nickelodeon
tv.radionumberone.it;Numberone Channel
www.nuvolari.tv;Nuvolari
www.oasi.tv;OASI.tv
www.odentw.tw;Odeon TV
ondalatina.skytv.it;Onda Latina
opera.skytv.it;Opera
outofmind.skytv.it;Out Of Mind
playhousedisney.skytv.it;Playhouse Disney
www.playtvitalia.it;Play TV
www.pqchannel.it;PQ Channel
primafila01.skytv.it;Prima Fila 1
primafila10.skytv.it;Prima Fila 10
primafila11.skytv.it;Prima Fila 11
primafila12.skytv.it;Prima Fila 12
primafila13.skytv.it;Prima Fila 13
primafila14.skytv.it;Prima Fila 14
primafila15.skytv.it;Prima Fila 15
primafila16.skytv.it;Prima Fila 16
primafila17.skytv.it;Prima Fila 17
primafila18.skytv.it;Prima Fila 18
primafila19.skytv.it;Prima Fila 19
primafila02.skytv.it;Prima Fila 2
primafila20.skytv.it;Prima Fila 20
primafila21.skytv.it;Prima Fila 21
primafila22.skytv.it;Prima Fila 22
primafila23.skytv.it;Prima Fila 23
primafila24.skytv.it;Prima Fila 24
primafila25.skytv.it;Prima Fila 25
primafila26.skytv.it;Prima Fila 26
primafila27.skytv.it;Prima Fila 27
primafila28.skytv.it;Prima Fila 28
primafila29.skytv.it;Prima Fila 29
primafila03.skytv.it;Prima Fila 3
primafila30.skytv.it;Prima Fila 30
primafila31.skytv.it;Prima Fila 31
primafila32.skytv.it;Prima Fila 32
primafila33.skytv.it;Prima Fila 33
primafila34.skytv.it;Prima Fila 34
primafila35.skytv.it;Prima Fila 35
primafila36.skytv.it;Prima Fila 36
primafila37.skytv.it;Prima Fila 37
primafila38.skytv.it;Prima Fila 38
primafila39.skytv.it;Prima Fila 39
primafila04.skytv.it;Prima Fila 4
primafila40.skytv.it;Prima Fila 40
primafila05.skytv.it;Prima Fila 5
primafila06.skytv.it;Prima Fila 6
primafila07.skytv.it;Prima Fila 7
primafila08.skytv.it;Prima Fila 8
primafila09.skytv.it;Prima Fila 9
primafilahdpromo.skytv.it;Prima Fila HD Promo
www.pugliachannel.it;Puglia Channel
www.puntosat.com;Punto Sat
www.radioitalia.tv;Radio Italia TV
radioonsky.skytv.it;Radio on SKY
www.radioradio.it;Radio Radio TV
www.raidue.rai.it;RAI Due
www.educational.rai.it;Rai Edu 1
raigulp.rai.it;RAI Gulp
raimed.rai.it;RAI Med
www.uninettuno.it;RAI Nett. 1
www.rainews24.rai.it;RAI News 24
radio2.rai.it;Rai Radio Due
radio3.rai.it;Rai Radio Tre
radio1.rai.it;Rai Radio Uno
cinema.raisat.it;Raisat Cinema
extra.raisat.it;RaisatExtra
gamberorosso.raisat.it;Raisat Gambero
yoyo.raisat.it;Raisat YOYO
www.raisport.rai.it;RAI Sport Piu'
raistoria.rai.it;Rai Storia
www.raitre.rai.it;RAI Tre
www.raiuno.rai.it;RAI Uno
www.redtv.it;RED
www.rete4.com;Rete 4
www.retecapri.it;Rete Capri
www.reteoro.it;Rete Oro
rockclassic.capital.it;Rock Classic
rockshock.skytv.it;Rock Shock
www.rocktv.it;Rock TV
www.asromacalcio.it;Roma Channel
www.romasat.it;Roma Sat
www.romauno.tv;Roma Uno
www.rtbnetwork.it;RTB
www.rtl.it;RTL 102.5 TV
www.rtr-planeta.com;RTR Planeta
www.russiatoday.ru;Russia Today
www.salentochannel.tv;Salento Channel
www.sardegna1.it;Sardegna 1
www.sat2000.it;Sat 2000
www.senato.it;Senato Italiano
www.neu-jerusalem.de;Sender Neu Jerusalem
sinfonia.skytv.it;Sinfonia
assist.skytv.it;SKY Assist
calciosky01.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 1
calciosky10.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 10
calciosky11.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 11
calciosky12.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 12
calciosky13.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 13
calciosky14.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 14
calciosky02.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 2
calciosky03.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 3
calciosky04.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 4
calciosky05.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 5
calciosky06.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 6
calciosky07.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 7
calciosky08.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 8
calciosky09.skytv.it;SKY Calcio 9
skycalcioinfo.skytv.it;SKY Calcio Info
skycinema1.skytv.it;SKY Cinema 1
skycinemapiu1.skytv.it;SKY Cinema +1
skycinemapiu24.skytv.it;SKY Cinema +24
skycinemahd.skytv.it;SKY Cinema HD
skyclassics.skytv.it;SKY Classics
skyfamily.skytv.it;SKY Family
skyhdpiu24.skytv.it;SKY HD +24
skyhits.skytv.it;SKY Hits
skyinside.skytv.it;SKY Inside
skymania.skytv.it;SKY Mania
skymax.skytv.it;SKY Max
skymaxpiu1.skytv.it;SKY Max +1
skymeteo24.skytv.it;SKY Meteo24
www.skynews.it;Sky News
skyplayit.skytv.it;SKY Play IT
skysport1.skytv.it;SKY Sport 1
skysport169.skytv.it;SKY Sport 16:9
skysport2.skytv.it;SKY Sport 2
skysport24.skytv.it;Sky Sport 24
skysport3.skytv.it;SKY Sport 3
skysportextra.skytv.it;SKY Sport Extra
skysporthd.skytv.it;SKY Sport HD
skysupercalcio.skytv.it;SKY SuperCalcio
skytest.skytv.it;SKY Test
www.skytg24.it;SKY TG 24
skyuno.skytv.it;SKY Uno
smashgirls.skytv.it;SmashGirls
www.snai.it;SNAI Sat
soulsista.skytv.it;Soulsista
soultrain.skytv.it;Soul Train
www.sportitalia.com;Sportitalia
24.sportitalia.com;sportitalia24
stardust.skytv.it;Stardust
www.starsat.tv;Starsat
www.studio100.it;Studio 100 TV
www.tsm-studioeuropa.com;Studio Europa
supertennis.skytv.it;SuperTennis
www.telea.tv;TeleA
piu.telea.tv;Tele A +sat
www.telefortunesat.it;Telefortune Sat
www.telelotto.it;Telelotto
www.telemarket.com;Telemarket
2.telemarket.com;Telemarket 2
www.telenord.it;Telenord
www.telenova.it;Telenova
www.telepace.it;Telepace
www.teletirreno.it;Teletirreno
www.mgmchannel.it;The MGM Channel
www.thou.tv;Thou Tv
www.tizianalotto.it;Tiziana Sat
toondisney.skytv.it;Toon Disney
toondisneypiu1.skytv.it;Toon Disney +1
www.toscanachannel.it;Toscana Ch.
www.tr2sat.net;TR2 SAT
www.trentinotv.it;Trentino TV
www.teleradiopadrepio.it;T R Padre Pio
www.tunisie7.tn;Tunis 7
www.tv5.org;TV5 Europe
www.tv8montblanc.com;Tv 8 Mont Blanc
www.tvavicenza.it;TVA Vicenza
internacional.rtve.es;TVE Internacional
www.tvmoda.it;TV Moda
kuptura.tvp.pl;TVP Kultura
www.tvp.pl;TVP Polonia
intarnational.tvr.ro;TVR Intl.
www.vesti.ru;Vesti
vetrinaprimafila.skytv.it;Vetrina Primafila
vh1.skylife.it;Vh1
www.videoitalia.it;VideoItalia
www.videolina.it;Videolina
vintage60.skytv.it;Vintage '60
www.vivalitaliachannel.it;Viva l'Italia Channel
voce.skytv.it;Voce
yachtandsail.skylife.it;Yacht & Sail
yesterjay80.skytv.it;Yesterjay '80
yesterjay90.skytv.it;Yesterjay '90
www.youdem.tv;YOUDEM.TV
www.zdf.it;ZDF
